release-4.2.1: add changes in release-4.2.1 (#55)
SUSE/caasp-release-notes: adoc/release-4.2.1.adoc

=== Deprecations in 4.2.1

=== {Cilium} Update to 1.6.6 with Envoy

> * Updated Cilium from version 1.5.3 to version 1.6.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Cilium from version 1.5.3 to version 1.6.6, see:
```

https://github.com/cilium/cilium/blob/v1.6.6/CHANGELOG.md
* Provide Envoy-proxy support for Cilium
* Envoy and its dependencies packaged for version 1.12.2
* Cilium uses CRD and ConfigMap points on etcd are removed

=== {Skuba}

* Cilium 1.6.6 deployment with CRD

=== Metrics Server
    

> * Support monitoring of *CPU* and *memory* of a pod or node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support monitoring of *CPU* and *memory* of pods or nodes.
```

    
=== Cert Status Checker
    
* Exposes cluster-wide certificates status and use monitoring stack (Prometheus and Grafana) to receives alerts by Prometheus Alertmanager and monitors certificate status by Grafana dashboard.
    

> === VSphere VCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== vSphere Cloud Provider (VCP)
```

    
* Allow Kubernetes pods to use VMWare vSphere Virtual Machine Disk (VMDK) volumes as persistent storage.

=== Required Actions

> * Migration from etcd to CRD in case of upgrade as described at https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.6/install/upgrade/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Migration from etcd to CRD in case of upgrade as described in link:https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.6/install/upgrade/[Upgrade Guide - Cilium]
```

Reviewer 2: Does't skuba already take care of the migration?
Then what's the purpose of `Required Actions`?

Author: CC: @mmnelemane
